good morning good afternoon or good
night my fellow achievements today I'm
here to bring you happiness chapter 5
review now if you have yet to actually
start this series I'm just going to
briefly say this real quick before I
begin this review I've already done
first impressions and I've already been
reviewing the series since the first
couple chapters have been out so if you
are interested in this series I
recommend you look up my happiness first
impressions I made of this series so
anyways I'm going to begin into spoiler
territory of this chapter so I recommend
anyone that's asking if you should read
this leave the video knocks I don't want
to spoil you so anyways happiness
chapter five this chapter unlike in the
direction of this series right here this
is a very good turning point in this
series like this this right here this is
what the expectations I had of the
series so far from what I was seeing in
this chapter for one thing there's many
things you can get from this chapter
even though the chapter writing it down
like a brief summary it's simple like
it's a very simple chapter on paper and
there's not really much to really say
that was happening besides handling the
bully situation but there was some stuff
that you can really key in on when it
comes to this chapter of happiness for
one thing our MC is able to resist his
urges like throughout the entirety of
this chapter he kept smelling blood you
see how he kept smelling blood like he
smelt the girl behind in her blood and
also you have it you know actually let's
back up a second the blood he smells
from the girl like very perverted but i
wouldn't expect no less from this manga
go with the perversion the Hmong who did
with the flower of evil or the flowers
of evil I wouldn't expect any less I
really wouldn't so to see where the
blood is coming from it makes a lot of
sense action when it comes down to the
writing of this Monica but that's the
type of style like when it comes to
smoke Monica because this manga is very
perverted but at the exact same time
shows like an inner evil of humanity
that's something you don't normally get
from a slice of life and it's a very
unique way to write a series and so
we're starting to get glimpses of this
throughout this entire chapter but
let's point out other things besides him
resisting the blood from the girl he
also resists blood from the person that
he tried to save for instance the bully
that was bullying our main character as
we know he punched him a couple chapters
back well he goes out of his way to save
him and usually if you were in this
situation you probably wouldn't go out
of your way to save the bully let's
think about this okay if you were sit
there and being tormented throughout
your entire high school life or whatever
like if you're being tormented and
people are bullying you like the one the
main big bully hotshots bullying you I
highly doubt majority of us let's face
it we're trying to go out of her way to
save that bully look I mean it's karma
but majority of us probably wouldn and
when you see this chapter of how he
takes initiative to try to save him it
shows you what type of character is what
type of person is and what type of
person he is but also being able to
resist drinking the blood from the
person like for one thing it looks like
you lost to his instincts of the vampire
at first when he jumped that dude it
looked like he was about to bite into
that dude like he was just started doing
like he like he's about to bite into the
guy so there's gonna be a coming of time
soon I'm sensing it very soon maybe not
next chapter but for five chapters later
there's gonna come a time to where our
MC is probably going to bite someone and
drink their blood it's very obvious
something like this is going to happen
sooner or later it just it's the main
question of when it's gonna happen in
how it's gonna happen because right now
he's shown a lot of restraint but I
highly doubt that's gonna hold for long
I really doubt that's gonna hold for
long but I'm glad he's holding restraint
at the very least where he's trying to
help out people but also holding back
his in her urges now when it comes to
the artwork the artwork once again looks
very similar to the artwork of aqua no
Hana it really does it looks very
similar to it but that's to be expected
when it comes to this Monica but the
artwork I'm loving the way the shadowing
is done at the characters I'm loving
that I'm loving the panel work with
shadowing with the backgrounds that the
characters do the way the scenes of the
buildings look to the forest when you
know they were in the park when the poor
guy was getting bullied I I like the
artwork of this chapter I think so far
from what I have seen from the past
couple chapters I think this is
one of the better chapters when it comes
to art work it seems like the long
because starting to figure out what type
of style of artwork he or she wants to
go with like for instance what type of
style they want to go with throughout
the rest of this series the big question
is though with so far with this setup of
chapter 5 you have to wonder what
direction is the series going to take
like see we all have heard vampire
stories before like we know about
vampire stories there nothing really
original we've seen them constantly
through many years of reading things
it's the main thing is how they do it
how is the execution of the series and
as I've said many times I have a lot of
expectations from this manga cut because
of the series that the manga previously
did and adding in the mix with vampires
and showcasing like the blood of the
smelling where the blood is it's going
to add a very unique twist to a series I
just wonder how it's going to be
implemented like how is the series going
to develop is it going to still retain
like some form of slice-of-life nature
to it is it going to try to go into a
supernatural nature where we're going to
meet other vampires a lot of questions I
have right now but that's about it I
mean chapter very simple but very fun if
you did not know the chapters out go
watch their goat well watch a chapter
what the go read the chapter if
you've yet to go read it anyway so all
wonderful date or not wherever you live
please be safe chibi out